Realign the rail craft recipes (#169)
minetest-mods/moreblocks: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Revised rail recipe overload to match the one in minetest_game. All rail recipes

Reviewer: It is no longer `minetest_game` but Minetest Game. 🙂
```suggestion
- Revised rail recipe overload to match the one in Minetest Game. All rail recipes
```

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Refactor recipe override mechanism to avoid re-coding recipes
>   when we only want to change the amount produced.
> - Realign rail recipe to the changes made in Minetest Game. All rail recipes
>   (standard, power, break) are boosted by 50%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Refactored recipe override mechanism to avoid re-coding recipes
  when we only want to change the amount produced.
- Realigned rail recipe to the changes made in Minetest Game. All rail recipes
  (standard, power, break) were boosted by 50%.
```

> - Refactor recipe override mechanism to avoid re-coding recipes
>   when we only want to change the amount produced.
> - Realign rail recipe to the changes made in Minetest Game. All rail recipes
>   (standard, power, break) are boosted by 50%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Refactored recipe override mechanism to avoid re-coding recipes
  when we only want to change the amount produced.
- Realigned rail recipe to the changes made in Minetest Game. All rail recipes
  (standard, power, break) were boosted by 50%.
```

> - Realigned rail recipe to the changes made in Minetest Game. All rail recipes
>   (standard, power, break) were boosted by 50%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Realigned rail recipe to the changes made in Minetest Game.](https://github.com/minetest-mods/moreblocks/pull/169)
  - All rail recipes (standard, power, break) were boosted by 50%.
```
